(A) what is wireframe and mockup?
Wireframes are basic, black and white renderings that focus on what the new product or feature will do. 
Mockups are static yet realistic renderings of what a product or feature will look like and how it will be used.A good way to think of it is that a wireframe is a blueprint and a mockup is a visual model.
A mockup typically includes additional visual details such as: Colors, styles, graphics, and typography. Styled buttons and text.
(B) 6 best designed websites:
1. FPP
It is a site that caters to the shopping experience. You can virtually take a stroll in the store and see it for yourself. 
It displays clear imagery with minimum use of colors and uses parallax effects. It won the CSS award for the best UI and Innovation. 
2. Helixes
‘Helixes’ specialize in strategy, branding, visual design, content production, and digital communication. 
3. Finprint
Well, Finprint has one of the best website designs that agencies like and grabs user’s attention essentially on the 
carbon footprints generated by opting for a particular mode of transportation or a particular variety of seafood.
4. Beauvoir
‘Beauvoir’ is a creative agency which is into branding, content creation, advertising campaign and HR marketing.
5. Ufomammoot
Ufomammoot presents the first Xmas racing game built using WebGL, creating fun using digital technologies.
6. Nest Wifi
Nest Wifi is a website about the wifi which connects all devices across the home.
It was awarded the ‘Best Website of the Day’ by CSS in December 2019.
(C) Difference between script and programming language?
Scripting languages are translated and cannot be converted into an executable file, whereas programming languages are generally compiled and created to executable the file.
Scripting languages can combine existing modules or components, while programming languages are used to build applications from scratch.
(D) What is ECMA ?
a programming language adopted by the European Computer Manufacturer's Association as a standard for performing computations in Web applications.
ECMA is an acronym for European Computer Manufacturer's Association, which develops standards for information technology and consumer electronics.
Languages such as JavaScript, Dart-lang, and C# were standardized by ECMA. Think of ECMAScript as Javascript without a host environment.
