(A) what is wireframe and mockup?
Wireframes are basic, black and white renderings that focus on what the new product or feature will do. 
Mockups are static yet realistic renderings of what a product or feature will look like and how it will be used.A good way to think of it is that a wireframe is a blueprint and a mockup is a visual model.
A mockup typically includes additional visual details such as: Colors, styles, graphics, and typography. Styled buttons and text.
(B) 6 best designed websites:
1. FPP
It is a site that caters to the shopping experience. You can virtually take a stroll in the store and see it for yourself. 
It displays clear imagery with minimum use of colors and uses parallax effects. It won the CSS award for the best UI and Innovation. 
2. Helixes
‘Helixes’ specialize in strategy, branding, visual design, content production, and digital communication. 
3. Finprint
Well, Finprint has one of the best website designs that agencies like and grabs user’s attention essentially on the 
carbon footprints generated by opting for a particular mode of transportation or a particular variety of seafood.
4. Beauvoir
‘Beauvoir’ is a creative agency which is into branding, content creation, advertising campaign and HR marketing.
5. Ufomammoot
Ufomammoot presents the first Xmas racing game built using WebGL, creating fun using digital technologies.
6. Nest Wifi
Nest Wifi is a website about the wifi which connects all devices across the home.
It was awarded the ‘Best Website of the Day’ by CSS in December 2019.
(C) Difference between script and programming language?
Scripting languages are translated and cannot be converted into an executable file, whereas programming languages are generally compiled and created to executable the file.
Scripting languages can combine existing modules or components, while programming languages are used to build applications from scratch.
(D) What is ECMA ?
a programming language adopted by the European Computer Manufacturer's Association as a standard for performing computations in Web applications.
ECMA is an acronym for European Computer Manufacturer's Association, which develops standards for information technology and consumer electronics.
Languages such as JavaScript, Dart-lang, and C# were standardized by ECMA. Think of ECMAScript as Javascript without a host environment.
1.URL (Uniform Resource Locator):
A URL is a web address that specifies the location of a resource on the internet. 
It typically consists of a protocol (e.g., http:// or https://), domain name, and 
optional path.

2.Difference between HTTP and HTTPS:
HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) is unsecured, while HTTPS 
(Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure) is secured. HTTPS encrypts data during 
transmission, providing a more secure connection, which is crucial for 
sensitive information like passwords and payment details.

3.DOM (Document Object Model):
DOM is a programming interface for web documents. It represents the structure of a
document as a tree of objects, allowing scripts to dynamically update content, structure, and style.

4.Meta Tags:
Meta tags are HTML elements that provide metadata about a document. They include 
information such as character encoding, viewport settings, description, and keywords.
Meta tags are placed within the <head> section of an HTML document.

5.W3C (World Wide Web Consortium):
W3C is an international community that develops web standards to ensure the long-term growth
of the Web. It establishes guidelines and specifications for technologies like HTML, CSS, and more.

6.Different Doctypes of Different Versions of HTML:
For HTML5, the doctype is <!DOCTYPE html>.
Earlier versions had different declarations, such as 
<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01//EN"> for HTML 4.01.
A) Difference between Franework and API?
  The framework is the skeleton holding the library or libraries. The API is the programming interface allowing you to interact with another application or operating system.
It pulls from sources of code within the framework to work with other sources of code or applications of the code.
B) ASCII Character Set vs UTF 8 Charter Set vs UTF 16 Character Set
UTF-8 encodes Unicode characters into a sequence of 8-bit bytes. The standard has a capacity for over a million distinct codepoints and is a superset of all characters in widespread use today.
By comparison, ASCII (American Standard Code for Information Interchange) includes 128 character codes.
UTF-8 extends the ASCII character set to use 8-bit code points, which allows for up to 256 different characters. 
This means that UTF-8 can represent all of the printable ASCII characters, as well as the non-printable characters.
The utf16 character set is the ucs2 character set with an extension that enables encoding of supplementary characters: For a BMP character, 
utf16 and ucs2 have identical storage characteristics: same code values, same encoding, same length.
ASCII is a 7-bit character set containing 128 characters. It contains the numbers from 0-9, the upper and lower case English letters from A to Z, and some special characters. 
The character sets used in modern computers, in HTML, and on the Internet, are all based on ASCII.
C) SEO?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is the practice of orienting your website to rank higher on a search engine results page (SERP) so that you receive more traffic.
The aim is typically to rank on the first page of Google results for search terms that mean the most to your target audience.
